<!-- loio5d5c3cf3b4f54b83944c704611f94d45 -->

# Required Custom Domain Configurations

At least two separate custom domain configurations are required to fulfill the desired setup; one in the eu10 main landscape and one in the eu10-003 XLS. It is not possible to use the same server certificate for both. It is also not possible to import server certificate private keys from outside; they are always generated by Custom Domain Service inside a secure storage, which does not allow import or export operations to the front end.



Thus, two server certificates are required; one for each landscape:

-   One server certificate with the `*.sapapps.customer.com` SAN for the eu10 main landscape.

-   One server certificate with the `*.customer.com` SAN for the eu10-003 XLS.


Alternatively, if wildcard certificates are not desired:

-   One server certificate with the `myapp1.sapapps.customer.com` and `myapp2.sapapps.customer.com` SANs for the eu10 main landscape.

-   One server certificate with the `portal.customer.com` and `cpi.customer.com` SANs for the eu10-003 XLS.


Of course, other combinations are possible. However, each activated server certificate costs one license.

> ### Note:  
> TLS SAN wildcards are single level, which means a wildcard includes only hostnames, but no subdomains of this domain. For instance, a `*.sapapps.customer.com` SAN would include the `myapp1.sapapps.customer.com` and `myapp2.sapapps.customer.com` hostnames, but not `myapp3.test.sapapps.customer.com`. The technical CF custom domains, also called private domains, have no wildcards at all. They are CF internal routing domains only.

**Related Information**  


[Extension Landscapes](extension-landscapes-66b366d.md "Extension landscapes (XLS) are Cloud Foundry (CF) landscapes in the same region as a main landscape, which can be used for your own CF environment (PaaS), for subscribed applications (SaaS), or for both. A main landscape can have none, one, or multiple extension landscapes.")

[Custom Domains in Extension Landscapes](custom-domains-in-extension-landscapes-b0c0a73.md "This section explains the do's and don'ts when using parts of the CF custom domains for extension landscapes.")

[Setting Up the Custom Domain Configurations](setting-up-the-custom-domain-configurations-19b1ae7.md "We strongly recommend that you use the Custom Domain Manager for any kind of custom domain management in Cloud Foundry, especially for, but not limited to the XLS scenarios.")

